Breadcrumb migrator (#8071)
Shopify/polaris: polaris-migrator/README.md

## Migrations

### v11

#### `react-breadcrumbs-migrate-from-array`

> Replace legacy Page component breadcrumbs props that used to take arrays with a single object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the Page component `breadcrumbs` prop to use a single object instead of an array of objects as the input.
```
